Okay.
Richelle Direny: Is it up on your screen gives it a background.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I think it's from I set it up like that. I think I can take it off, though, do you want it off.
Richelle Direny: No, that's fine. It just, it just looks fun.
Richelle Direny: I see cut off your, your, like a fail somewhat
Jennifer C.: I think it's
Jennifer C.: I don't know. Birds are so
Richelle Direny: Like
Richelle Direny: It's almost like when you, um, what do you call this, but like it when you're in one location and they like exactly what another location. What do you call those
Jennifer C.: Right, I know john about green like a green train yeah yeah yeah yeah like that. Let me pick which ones because it was that are a picture. There's a picture I didn't move
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, give me a moment.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so are you still there.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I'm here.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, so you met with I believe it's Natalie right
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you do your medical and not okay. So for this our session now is just going to be just the information gathering. That's what the bio is just kind of getting a little bit of background information.
Richelle Direny: So good session would be to develop your treatment plan. Yes, your treatment plan. So typically what we go over in the first session is kind of basically to explain
Richelle Direny: Um, you know what the program is and you know our time, our time together your group, I believe you met with Natalie, you said right
Richelle Direny: Your group is going to be on Thursdays at one o'clock. Is that a good time for you to meet for groups. Yeah.
Jennifer C.: How long are they
Richelle Direny: About 45 minutes to an hour.
Jennifer C.: Yeah that should be fine. As long as I'm out by like two
Richelle Direny: Oh yeah, well you both doing. Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, yeah. That should be fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: We'll meet every Thursday at one o'clock. There are different. There are times where
Richelle Direny: You know, if I'm the only one running the group because Natalie can't make it. But typically, we do run the groups together.
Richelle Direny: That's, you know, the plan is that we run the groups together. And at that time I think she does her medication check in on that, on that time. And then, you know, I'll go over
Richelle Direny: Whatever the topic is for that day and we just asked, especially when we're meeting for group. It's that you're always have
Richelle Direny: The headset plugged in, because
Richelle Direny: You will have more than one people there.
Richelle Direny: Right.
Jennifer C.: No, I think I have to just to use the phone anyway.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, like
Jennifer C.: I don't think it will let me use it without headphones.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Yeah, no problem.
Jennifer C.: I've tried to you, but I don't think I'm quite figured that part out yet.
Jennifer C.: So no
Richelle Direny: That's fine, um, you know, again, a lot of that is just more for
Richelle Direny: You know the confidentiality of other people.
Jennifer C.: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: You're sharing or whatnot, um, you know, when we meet for individuals, I just always ask if you're unable to make it, you could just send me a message like you did today just to say hey show, you know what, I'm not going to be made. I'm not gonna, I'm not able to make it for the
Jennifer C.: Individuals or for the group, especially
Richelle Direny: For the individuals because the individuals like I'm literally sitting here waiting for you to
Jennifer C.: Write
Richelle Direny: You understand, I mean groups are a little bit different. It would, you know, out of courtesy. If you just say hey, or you send a message saying I'm not going to be able to make it for the group.
Richelle Direny: And if you need a medication check in. I can always just let me know. But especially for individuals.
Richelle Direny: On after I typically say after 15 minutes, kind of like when you're going to your doctor's appointment after 15 minutes I just say, Okay, we're gonna have to reschedule because then if you come late, then you run into somebody else's time if we have someone else.
Jennifer C.: Right, right. I get it.
Richelle Direny: So, um, you know, when these are recorded sessions are video sessions. The they are recorded session. So for the most part, whatever is said is confidential unless you state, something that
Richelle Direny: You want you voice that you want to hurt yourself or anyone else and or have like an active plan to hurt yourself or anyone else, then of course, you know, I think.
Jennifer C.: Whoa, yeah. So
Jennifer C.: Mandate yes
Jennifer C.: Exactly. Yeah. Sure. So
Richelle Direny: Outside of that, overall, you know, it's, you know, we also at the end of our time together. Now we will determine how we would schedule the individuals, whether it will be once a week, once every other week, once a month. It just really depends on where you're at.
Richelle Direny: Okay so far you have any questions.
Jennifer C.: No. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So let's just get started.
Jennifer C.: I think the only thing that I didn't do was the blood work because my son. I think deleted all of my emails like I went into my emails and there is none.
Richelle Direny: Alvin C.
Three.
Jennifer C.: So that's why I need the blood work when she says she's gonna send it back to me like when I called it got into the meeting.
Jennifer C.: To get the number or whatever that she sent me for your room. Yes, she said she was going to send me another one. So I started to get the blood work and then I still have to make
Jennifer C.: An appointment. I don't think we made an appointment for the two weeks because we have so much difficulty getting my medication, but it was hell on earth.
Richelle Direny: Let me double check for you.
Richelle Direny: You're talking about with Natalie right
Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, it would be for I'm assuming Monday this coming Monday.
Jennifer C.: And hopefully, this time, we don't have any problems.
Jennifer C.: Or maybe she'll even do it might even do it for Sunday because they cut me one sort at the pharmacy. Okay, I had to end up buying some of them with money.
Jennifer C.: And then care sores would go and cover like 27 so it was still short one.
Jennifer C.: So they like it's all messed up the way they do it here is messed up writing wouldn't do it at all.
Richelle Direny: I don't know, based on her calendar. I don't know how they schedule her because based on her calendar, she's on here.
Richelle Direny: I don't see any. I don't know if they spend per, per day. I don't have a schedule.
Jennifer C.: Okay, so then I guess I would just text her then. Or would I just call the the
Richelle Direny: Discussion caught call
Richelle Direny: Her
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I'm hoping next time. It's not as much trouble because it was literally like three days and trying to get medication from the pharmacy.
Richelle Direny: So like I said, our first session. Our first group session is going to be on Thursday.
Richelle Direny: So maybe taking with her on that day to find that one.
Jennifer C.: Okay, yeah, that would work.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Alright, so let's just get started. So each of our sessions will always be roughly between 45 minutes to an hour.
Jennifer C.: Now unless I know
Richelle Direny: There's a crisis or what have you. And the other thing is that if you ever, like experience in a crisis or whatever the situation is, you can always, you know, reach out for session. If you do fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um, how did you hear about bright heart.
Jennifer C.: It was a friend of mine.
Jennifer C.: And it was like, Oh, it was months ago, like it was in at the end of summer beginning of fall last year.
Jennifer C.: But when I called I had to live because I live in Ohio. I had to wait 30 days or something.
Jennifer C.: And by the time they called it was only this past few weeks that they called so all this past month I've already been going to another doctor
Richelle Direny: So you'll be going to another doctor
Jennifer C.: No, I was going to another doctor and I just switched over to bright heart so that I don't have to drive all the way out to another doctor
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you were getting you were using you're getting Suboxone
Jennifer C.: prescribed to right yeah because it took me months to get any you guys
Richelle Direny: Oh ok ok ok yeah i know i believe they do have a waitlist so now everyone in our guest is getting taken on the waitlist on let me have a provider.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay. Um. Now, have you ever
Richelle Direny: Gone through any type of treatment programs.
Jennifer C.: Not and so there was one right before I got into the last one that I was in, but it was for a very short time. So I got shut down.
Richelle Direny: And that was the only what is it a detox or like a
Jennifer C.: No, it was basically just like you guys are like I go in for my doctor's appointment I started off once a week for four weeks and then once you had four weeks of clean your hands. Then you go to two weeks and then every week or every two weeks, whatever was I did an hour.
Jennifer C.: Worth of counseling. It was like 30 minutes of a group session. And then the last 30 minutes was an individual session. And then I seen a nurse and then the doctor and all that stuff.
Richelle Direny: They kind of like a rehab, but the outpatient like i o p type thing.
Jennifer C.: It was just like, it's about like so box and Dr.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. But you so so you were doing it.
Jennifer C.: Was it
Jennifer C.: It wasn't like a like a real like you didn't, we didn't. I didn't do any detox like I had to go and do it myself.
Richelle Direny: But you saw a therapist and a nurse and you
Jennifer C.: Right, right, right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Now that's the only kind of program program you've ever been in.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I mean, I'm fairly new. It's only been since
Jennifer C.: Probably September, October.
Richelle Direny: How, so if you can just
Richelle Direny: Get a little insight into your history of, you know, whether it's substance abuse alcohol.
Jennifer C.: Whatever it was, um, it was a while. It started off when I had my first daughter I when I was pregnant. My OB put me on Vikings and she's 12 now.
Jennifer C.: And I was on them with her for migraines. And then when I was pregnant, my second daughter, who's now nine I had my gallbladder was like going out while I was pregnant.
Jennifer C.: And
Jennifer C.: I had mastitis in my left breast with her. So that was like sliced open like four times where they are. They like come out and stuff it with God's so I was on the whole time I was trading with her. The old time after that and then basically by then I was hooked.
Jennifer C.: And I mean I was already, you know, nine years worth it doesn't take that long to get hooked on on violence and then eventually it moved to Percocet and it was just stuck there. And then when my husband went to prison last year for marijuana. I had to get also
Jennifer C.: It's just me and my three kids.
Jennifer C.: Don't really have a choice.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: So, you know, we're never really exposed to any kind of
Jennifer C.: Any I'm gonna not anything hardcore no
Jennifer C.: Mean I had messed up. I'd mess with cocaine every once in a while. But as far as like heroin or like math or alcohol. My dad's an alcoholic. I always say I'm it's never been something that was for me.
Jennifer C.: And the other day, I just never
Jennifer C.: Had an interest in
Richelle Direny: So you're so your introduction, just to kind of the whole I'm
Richelle Direny: Taking any kind of or being on any kind of substance was due to the pregnancies and
Jennifer C.: Right, right. Like my OB had me on them through all three pregnancies and then eventually my
Jennifer C.: Well, I guess. Yeah, I probably did start out my first daughter in the migraines, because I found out that I had a vertebrates out of place in my neck, which would cause me to get real bad migraines. So I did go to like a neurologist that had put me on Vikings.
Richelle Direny: Did you get into an accident at some point.
Nope.
Jennifer C.: I was never an accident, nothing.
Richelle Direny: So, so you were born like that with your vertebrae.
Jennifer C.: I know no clue.
Jennifer C.: No idea.
Jennifer C.: No clue. They're still there, and I still get migraines.
Jennifer C.: I just learned to deal with it.
Jennifer C.: I don't know if it's from where she may be was kicking my spine or what or it could have just been from just the C sections and being pregnant and or you know what it was from. But it was just terrible.
Jennifer C.: Like the migraines would have me puking on the floor. I was puking. My whole pregnancy with her. It was terrible. I'm going to go to school, I was in college at the time I didn't even go to school.
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow. And this was after you first pregnancy.
Jennifer C.: This was during the pregnancy during and after. Yep.
Richelle Direny: And why was that experience and you went back a second time.
Jennifer C.: With the pregnancies are with the school.
Richelle Direny: No pregnancy.
Jennifer C.: I mean, I didn't do it on purpose.
Jennifer C.: Only one of them was tried for but i mean i gotta love them. They're my kids, you know,
Richelle Direny: The others are just the surprise.
Jennifer C.: Yes.
Richelle Direny: And you went through it all again.
Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Within all. It's always one is the tried for and the rest is like, oh,
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I had until my last pregnancy, like my first two with my girls were very bad.
Jennifer C.: Very bad. The one with the migraines. And then the other one with the gallbladder like I had to have gallbladder surgery. Two weeks after my C section.
Jennifer C.: And I had C sections with all three of them.
Richelle Direny: Wow.
Jennifer C.: And it was like an emergency gallbladder surgery. I almost died. So like it was bad.
Wow.
Jennifer C.: So I guess, as you know, it's just been one thing after another over the years. Hello, baby.
Jennifer C.: Good. Good evening.
Jennifer C.: He just woke up.
Richelle Direny: Oh yeah. What time is it better 723
Jennifer C.: Yeah, he had a late night. He's not feeling good and I'm not really feeling good either. I think my oldest daughter. She had strep last week.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Jennifer C.: Oh, I think she's passing it along.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's the fun of having children they pass it along.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Then Mommy gets it all.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I'm not so good, all day.
Richelle Direny: So have you um. Now, is there any family history of substance abuse.
Jennifer C.: My dad is an alcoholic.
Jennifer C.: To where the to the point where he actually got pancreatitis from it. He's had, you know, the
Jennifer C.: Helios new bags glossy bags. He doesn't have them anymore, but he is still suffering from the pancreas is will eventually die from it. So, and he's still drinks. He drinks like a 30 pack a day and goes to the bar three times a day. So
Richelle Direny: You know with him.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, he still does.
Richelle Direny: Wow. What about your
Richelle Direny: Your mom.
Jennifer C.: Um, she's pretty good. She drinks beer but not like he does.
Richelle Direny: Any other family history of substance abuse.
Jennifer C.: My husband did before he went to prison.
Jennifer C.: But it was the same thing. It was Percocet.
Jennifer C.: He said, For he smoked marijuana. I would never had that luxury. If I can smoke marijuana. I probably wouldn't have done Pirker sets.
Jennifer C.: But I have like an allergic reaction or something to it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you're on. So you think your, your husband got incarcerated, a year ago.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, last March, it's almost exactly one year.
Jennifer C.: He won't be out. So, next year, next March.
Richelle Direny: Also got two years.
Yep.
Richelle Direny: Now, what about any other family history of substance abuse.
Nope.
Richelle Direny: On both sides.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, as far as what I know, like his side doesn't have any my side doesn't have any my sister. She, she didn't do any before she passed. She just passed away before Christmas.
Jennifer C.: She had bladder cancer. So it's like been really hard, but she didn't do nothing, she she was the good, the good, the good seek out of the family.
Richelle Direny: He was the white sheet, not the black sheep.
Yeah.
What about
Jennifer C.: What's matter.
Jennifer C.: Just move away from her nails jersey.
Jennifer C.: Layer falls somewhere else.
Jennifer C.: Sorry about that.
Jennifer C.: I'm
Jennifer C.: Better yes good see
Richelle Direny: What about
Family history.
Richelle Direny: For you any
Jennifer C.: Of what
Mental illness.
Jennifer C.: My dad is very bipolar.
Jennifer C.: Super bipolar.
Jennifer C.: Um, the doctor just put me Natalie put me on
Jennifer C.: Well, do you train. But I stopped taking it, because I think that was making me literally fall asleep, like I was falling out my food.
Jennifer C.: Like I was laying here at night like like not it'd be like nine o'clock, and I'm like, for now, I could take it three days later.
Jennifer C.: That I've been good since
Richelle Direny: There's the first time you've ever taken it.
Jennifer C.: Yeah. Yep.
Jennifer C.: She gave me that for depression.
Richelle Direny: That's your only thing that you were ever diagnosed with depression.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, and it was diagnosed from her.
Richelle Direny: Just recently.
Yep.
Oh,
Jennifer C.: I'm assuming it's because of all the trouble that just because of work with my husband being in jail. And then my sister passing away and just everything being on me.
Jennifer C.: I get a little low. Sometimes
Richelle Direny: Now, did you tell her that she stopped taking the
Jennifer C.: No, I haven't even got to talk to her yet.
Richelle Direny: Okay, because maybe you
Richelle Direny: Did she wasn't a very little girl says she prescribed
Jennifer C.: I don't even know if it was low. I'm assuming it was too high. It was literally making me pass out like it was the point where I couldn't even like wake up for like two hours to me on to a day.
Jennifer C.: To to. Yeah, one, two times a day.
Jennifer C.: 100 milligram tablet.
Richelle Direny: I want so 200 milligrams
Jennifer C.: Yeah, and I was like falling asleep and I can't do that. I like, I can't do that with my son. I got to be awake during the day.
Jennifer C.: I can be no now driving him sit
Jennifer C.: Right. I don't know if that's like maybe too high of a dose.
Richelle Direny: Maybe
Maybe what
Jennifer C.: Maybe what I know that I did not like the effects of it.
Richelle Direny: And so then that's now you're saying that she just recently gave you a diagnosis of depression and gave you the medication, but
Jennifer C.: just gave me this like what during my first appointment with her.
Jennifer C.: Last Monday.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now, is there any history for you have self mutilation suicidal thoughts. Was that a
Jennifer C.: No.
Richelle Direny: homicidal nothing Nord with your family.
No.
Richelle Direny: No, no.
Richelle Direny: And you said that your, your, your father's. The only one that was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Right.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, he was on lithium.
Richelle Direny: Oh, he's
Jennifer C.: Like no, not anymore. Not since my brother, like I used to take care of his medicine because he's older so I used to put him in his little like thing like is pillbox for him.
Jennifer C.: And me and him out of falling out. Few years back, and my brother like really far as medicine.
Jennifer C.: And he switches with lithium, you got to be very careful. You can't wait like the to nighttime pills in the morning pills, uh, he was putting the two nights times in the morning. And one morning in the nighttime. So my dad got lithium overdose.
Jennifer C.: And you try to go to Home Depot.
Jennifer C.: Dan This phone and purchase like $1,000 worth of stuff with a speedy rewards card like he was really messed up from it. So he hasn't Milan lithium for a few years now.
Richelle Direny: And I think you have to be weaned off of that because it has
Jennifer C.: Yeah, he Yeah he was in the hospital for like a week because my brother. He like messed up his doses, he switched the morning with the night nose and it screwed is is screwed it all up.
Jennifer C.: And he hasn't been on that for a few years and he he does his medications himself now. So sometimes you'll go off of them. And you'll go a little. I just know when to stay away.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Your mom right
Hmm.
Jennifer C.: I have my, my mom and my dad and my, I have a younger brother, and then I have my husband and his mom and his dad and his step sister and his sister.
Jennifer C.: And then I have our two nephews, like I raised my nephew to he's 22 now and we got him when he was setting.
Jennifer C.: Up or down.
Richelle Direny: All these people that you just named live with you. Oh.
Jennifer C.: Hell, no. Oh.
Jennifer C.: I just live with me and my kids, me and my three kids.
Jennifer C.: My dad. My nephew live with me. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Jennifer C.: Like I had him though before I had my first kid.
Jennifer C.: So he he graduated from high school and got a job and moved out.
Richelle Direny: Okay. But you said, but your mother.
Jennifer C.: Know,
Jennifer C.: They've been divorced for since I was
Jennifer C.: Baby. What do you want, tell me what do you want
Jennifer C.: You want to on the bed.
Jennifer C.: Hey, do you want it on the bed.
Jennifer C.: Jackson, do you want on the bed.
Jennifer C.: Mommy's on the phone with the doctor, do you want it on the bed.
Jennifer C.: You want this up well here.
Jennifer C.: You don't want to have that high.
Jennifer C.: Here they don't go any higher.
Jennifer C.: Just doesn't sweetie. That's as high as it will go. See
Jennifer C.: I don't know. Oh Lord, he's mad because the suitcase handle the suitcase handle won't go up higher. So he's mad. He's on the fourth or the fifth
Jennifer C.: But yeah, no, my parents. They were divorced when I was around 15 me they started the divorce files like 12
Richelle Direny: So you said it's just you and two siblings, a brother and a sister and your sister passed the bladder cancer.
Richelle Direny: And your brother doesn't have any history of mental illness.
Jennifer C.: Know maybe depression.
Richelle Direny: But
Jennifer C.: Not and we talk about
Jennifer C.: Me and him. We don't really talk very much. He's young. He's way younger than me.
Richelle Direny: AND YOU'RE IN THIS IS YOUR MOM AND DAD'S paint child.
Yep.
Jennifer C.: Okay, three kids.
Richelle Direny: And your, your Mom, are you pretty close with her.
Jennifer C.: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: They are either one of your parents remarried.
Jennifer C.: My dad remarried. One of my best friend's moms, but that didn't work out very well.
Richelle Direny: Your best friend's mom.
Jennifer C.: Yep. But that was when we were in like seventh or eighth grade that didn't that didn't work out very well for him.
Richelle Direny: Oh, what did you do your best friend.
Jennifer C.: Oh well, I mean, yeah, she's still my well she's she still is, who I would still consider my sister. We just don't talk
Jennifer C.: Kind of grew up, you know, we all grew up and had kids, and she she ended up going off and getting on Dumb Dumb Dumb, dumb shit.
Jennifer C.: Like where she's three years younger than me lost all her teeth and everything. I'm not about that.
Richelle Direny: You have three children. A 12 year old a nine year old and a three.
Jennifer C.: Yep.
Richelle Direny: No history of mental illness, no history of thoughts of suicide or anything like that. Anything of that nature.
Jennifer C.: I didn't go through like postpartum or anything like that.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and your husband. Now, did your husband. You said your husband had a history of substance abuse or it was just marijuana, then
Jennifer C.: It was marijuana but I'm sure like when we first got together. We were neither one of us did anything. And then, I'm assuming, like he just kind of drifted into it when I drifted into it from this Cajun shit.
Jennifer C.: People. He hung out with
Jennifer C.: We've been married 12 years
Richelle Direny: Hmm.
Jennifer C.: And we've been together about 15 so
Jennifer C.: It's kind of hard to gauge exactly where it picked up. I don't remember a lot of them.
Jennifer C.: After a while after doing pain pills for a while, it kind of numbs all of your feelings so you don't really have feelings. So when you stop taking this stuff.
Jennifer C.: You get all and feelings all at one time.
On it. Oh.
Jennifer C.: Yeah. Yeah, like when you when you take paying bills. It just knows everything.
Jennifer C.: I mean,
Jennifer C.: Percocet. I'm not gonna lie. It's a great medication.
Jennifer C.: And I loved it, but I just can't do it no more.
Jennifer C.: No I don't, I can't do it no more.
Richelle Direny: And so you got to is it after
Jennifer C.: Yes, it was after he went to prison. Like my husband went to prison in March and I found out that my 31 year old sister had the cancer in June, she passed away right before Christmas. So it was like literally a few months before she passed away. She got pneumonia.
Jennifer C.: And had complications from that passed away.
Richelle Direny: Also heard from from diagnosis to passing it was a few months.
Um,
Jennifer C.: She was staged for like when they caught it. She was staged for they kept telling her for like five years that it was a UTI.
Jennifer C.: And then when she finally they finally caught it like her kidney was the size of a watermelon and then they went into and put the state in for the kidney and found the cancer, like you they like this. That's all where they found it.
Jennifer C.: Like they didn't do any scans or anything like that. You need me to blow your nose.
Jennifer C.: You sure
Jennifer C.: So it wasn't like they were looking for it, they found it by chance.
Jennifer C.: And yeah, look man.
Richelle Direny: And so you said like in. So in the last year you've went through.
Richelle Direny: Some major
Jennifer C.: Yeah. Yep.
Richelle Direny: And with all of them. Did you have like a relapse, did you start, you know,
Jennifer C.: I mean I'm I've done to where like, I'll go
Jennifer C.: Where. That's why I quit going to the last doctor last Dr only how to me on to, like, they started me off on the three a day for two weeks and then just drop me down to two a day.
Jennifer C.: And I had been on the three day from the previous place. So now wasn't comfortable with the two a day with having three kids like I got three kids.
Jennifer C.: I was working doordash and working another job living on my own paying all my bills like I just could not do it on the two a day and I found myself running out.
Jennifer C.: And having to like go and supplement. So I would have to go and like take Percocet, for a day or something like that. And I just, I'm just not
Jennifer C.: I just don't want to do that. No more.
Jennifer C.: So that's why I that's what me and Natalie mainly talked about was seeing if we get down on the three a day that's the main reason why I switched
Jennifer C.: Because I was tired. I was tired of running out.
Richelle Direny: And you weren't you weren't able to
Jennifer C.: Sustain I was right and I kept having these like like needs feelings that like I'm gonna end up going and using again. And there were some times where I went to go use again. But it wasn't like for you to sell my car alarm you little shit.
Jennifer C.: I'm saying
Jennifer C.: I'm
Jennifer C.: Sorry about that.
Jennifer C.: It wasn't for like a long periods of time, like it was literally like if I was out of the box and for a day, I would buy like one or two Percocet and take him for a day, and that was when right when my sister passed away.
Jennifer C.: And that was right around my birthday so
Richelle Direny: I when you said that you start using it and you need
Richelle Direny: Medication
Jennifer C.: What is it
Richelle Direny: Would start using again that
Richelle Direny: Were of the Percocet, or or finding
Jennifer C.: Well, it would just be simply because I was running out of my Suboxone
Jennifer C.: Like, and then I would have the herbs eat like I like it would be like three days before I go back to the doctor because he wouldn't have been my old doctor went up them.
Jennifer C.: He dropped me off of for the three a day way to quickly as what the is what Natalie said. I mean, when you're on the box and even a quarter, like a quarter of a girl is a lot
Jennifer C.: Well, you have to gradually go down.
Here.
Richelle Direny: Definitely. See, you know, the onset of the depression. And that's a lot to go through. So with your with
Your husband.
Jennifer C.: And my two daughters are in school during the day and my son is with me during the day and then like when I go doordash the stuff I usually just take them with me.
Jennifer C.: And then the other job I was working third shift, but it wasn't working out like it was me. I don't know if I was having like anxiety being Where's my kids or what, but it just
Jennifer C.: It wasn't working out with me so I I left there like I couldn't work third shift was they were wanting me to work 13 days in a row before I had a day off. And it just wasn't working out. So I'm currently looking for another job.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and what kind of work do
Jennifer C.: That place was a place where we made
Jennifer C.: It was basically like a factory where we made. I was a
Jennifer C.: Chrome later like a chrome plated rods that went into the
Jennifer C.: struts in socks on cars.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Jennifer C.: Like I just put rods on onto a conveyor belt and they got chrome plated
Richelle Direny: Okay. Now, what's your highest level of schooling.
Jennifer C.: Some college
Richelle Direny: And do you have any legal um
Richelle Direny: Any kind of legal issues pending legal
Jennifer C.: No, no, no. I'm the well I guess maybe so the school called CPS on me because of my one daughter.
Jennifer C.: But
Jennifer C.: Cuz she just wasn't wanting to go to school and it's not even that she wasn't wanting to go to school. She's got a lot of
Jennifer C.: Issues with UC eyes and stuff herself, and we just found a spot on her kidney and
Jennifer C.: When I was going through all this stuff with my sister from her, you know, being sick and then wanting to spend time with her and stuff. The school is don't like it.
Jennifer C.: I mean their state regulations so there's so many, so many days that you can have for doctor's notes and the other days when they're visiting their dad or, you know, wanted to spend a day with their aunt before she died, they don't like them is missing them days. So it is what it is.
Jennifer C.: The caseworkers been out and stuff like I've already talked to the caseworker basically they want us to get into some grief counseling at the local hospice, which I called there and they have like art class on Thursday nights and they want
Jennifer C.: Me to talk to the principal about the teacher ended up the teacher ended up calling saying something because my daughter was either crying.
Jennifer C.: Because she misses her dad are crying because she misses her aunt or crying because their stomach hurt when she was there because she she's got an underdeveloped bladder.
Jennifer C.: And get like it's almost like she has a constant UCI well the teacher decided to throw in there that she was afraid of sexual abuse at home.
Jennifer C.: So that's called me pretty fired up.
Richelle Direny: After this is after your husband when
Jennifer C.: This was two weeks ago.
Jennifer C.: CPS was just here two weeks ago.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: The teacher
Jennifer C.: Yeah, basically, the teacher, like, you know, I already knew that I was going to be in some sort of trouble because they're missing school or so much school without doctor's notes. It's not like you can ask the prison to write a doctor's note.
Jennifer C.: You know, so it's either. I had to make a choice. Let them go see their dad or not.
Jennifer C.: And make them go to school, um, what's it's a hard to get in there on Saturdays at the prison. They don't have very many of them that are open.
Jennifer C.: Like a book they booked up super fast.
Richelle Direny: They're all so he's local there in
Jennifer C.: Games about 45 minutes away.
Richelle Direny: Got You Got you. So now it's an old. It's a pending, it's still open investigation.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, she's got to come out and like, check out the house, one more time and make sure that I'm jumping through all the hoops, you know,
Jennifer C.: She basically told me to talk to the principal about the teacher see if we can get the teacher switch was I already tried to they said they don't think they can this late in the year, which I don't think I'm going to be up to that.
Jennifer C.: So I'll probably have to put her in homeschooling for at least the remainder of this year.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, because if not the only other option is they're going to take me to court and I'm going to end up going to jail for them listen to my school
Richelle Direny: Oh, well, yeah. Because with this with the school thing. Yeah. If you don't have
Richelle Direny: A whole lot of things to show why they're rich
Jennifer C.: And which I mean, at the time, like I was living with my sister taking care of her daughter, her, her, her daughter that was 10 which is my kids, his cousin plus my kids plus my sister, plus a baby that she just adopted before she found out she had cancer and it was just me.
Jennifer C.: So it was me and five kids in like six dogs and one house, and it was just like, I didn't really give a shit about grounding a doctor's note, I didn't not take him to the doctor. I was didn't unless they shove the doctor's note in my face.
Jennifer C.: Like I just did not always remember to ask for doctors
Jennifer C.: And then when she was passing away, what do you want me to do. So they wanted the week of school.
Jennifer C.: She was literally in the hospital dying. They can kiss my ass.
Jennifer C.: Mouth, then that's pretty much how I feel about that one.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Were you born and raised in on
Jennifer C.: Know we moved a heat. Well, no, I was born in Germany because my dad was in the military.
Jennifer C.: When then move to Colorado. When we were three and then here when we were when I was nine.
Jennifer C.: So you and your siblings were
Richelle Direny: Born in Germany.
Jennifer C.: Me and my sister was my brother was born in Colorado.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Jennifer C.: My sister I'm 33 my sisters 31 was 31 and then my brother is like 2726 or even younger than that.
Jennifer C.: It was born in 91 or 9292 maybe
Richelle Direny: Now let me ask this. What it, what do you hope.
Richelle Direny: That because with the Suboxone for like you were doing it when
Richelle Direny: You
Richelle Direny: The other program that you visit
Richelle Direny: The doctor and a nurse.
Right. Oh.
Who
Richelle Direny: Are you interested. Should I ask are you interested in doing one on one individuals.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I can do one when individuals and there's days that I will leave one on one individually, because there's days where there's days where I'll just come in crying.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it is a lot to be going through all in one year they. It's a lot
Jennifer C.: It's alarming Christmas just past like she just asked on the 17th so December month
Richelle Direny: Today, makes it two months.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, so like it's, it's, I mean, I've been a hell of a lot about here. Yes.
Richelle Direny: I agree. I agree.
Jennifer C.: I mean there's days like I already know there's days where I'm going to mess up. There's days where I do want to just go out and get a couple of paint mills and i just i just i just don't. I just don't want to do that no work.
Richelle Direny: Innovating you to not do that now.
My kids.
Richelle Direny: Being there for them and not having to another parent because one is in person.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Actually, I mean, that's a good motivation.
Jennifer C.: Like I have no one else to take them.
Jennifer C.: I had my sister and she's gone.
Richelle Direny: There's your mom and dad live close by.
Jennifer C.: The other they live close by. But my dad is still so slight he's still so sick from the pancreatitis.
Jennifer C.: Plus, he's got like a heart problem. He just keeps saying, All I gotta do is make it through March before I can die. He goes, I'll get his life insurance policy that's how he thinks the ship. My dad is a money. Do it. He's always been about money, money, money, money, money, money.
Jennifer C.: I mean, that's, I guess he made us to make a lot of money. He was in the military for 20 years
Jennifer C.: He's still makes a lot of money, not being in the military.
Richelle Direny: So when he said that you will get his, um,
Jennifer C.: Yeah, yeah. So that's all he all he thinks about now is him getting through March.
Jennifer C.: So why they want him to get probably because they want him to get a heart of stone and as far
Jennifer C.: Because march 1 is when his, his when his
Jennifer C.: Insurance kicks in.
Jennifer C.: His policy.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you're the only one that will get the points that you and your brother and
Jennifer C.: It's me and my brother, but my brother gets another policy or some crap. And then I get one. I don't know, but he just had to go and switch them all back around again because my sister and it's just been it's just been a mess. I can't really give a shit less about that.
Richelle Direny: Well, listen, you do
Richelle Direny: You do, definitely. What would you like to our time together when we meet, and we can meet every other week, unless you want to meet weekly
Jennifer C.: Everybody's fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um, how, what are the bed. Are you for. Right. Are your, you said you do go out and work right. You're not a stay at home mom.
Jennifer C.: I mean I technically I am because I basically work with door DASH, BUT I take my kids with me.
Jennifer C.: Especially for the time being, just because like I would leave my 12 year old home with them, but I don't want to leave my kids here CPS is going to just pop in at the door. You know, so I don't really get a lot of time for myself, um,
Jennifer C.: But that's okay because I only have till March of next year. So my husband's home and everything should be all good. Again, I didn't have before he went, I didn't have to do anything. I have to work.
Jennifer C.: I mean, he's in. He's in prison for two years for 100 pounds of marijuana
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, so, and it was literally like a month before it was legalized and it wasn't even his like was we split up for like two months, and it was where you went to go stay at they didn't have any water on he put it in his name, which was a really dumb ass moves.
Jennifer C.: So he got busted sit on top of the shit, you know,
Jennifer C.: It is what it is before then. He works. He works 50 hours a week he made really good money. He was a supervisor at a medical
Jennifer C.: A medical equipment distribution for therapy support. So it's not like you know
Jennifer C.: We were ever these like bad people running the streets.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I'm looking at my calendar. Now, when
Richelle Direny: We can schedule is going to be in March.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Right now.
Jennifer C.: I have evening.
Richelle Direny: Available, it will be more
Jennifer C.: That's fine, even easier better anyway.
Jennifer C.: Cuz I usually don't get home until after like 430 from picking my like visor cuz I gotta take to the both girls. I got to take both of them to school and pick them up from school. So that's another reason why it's all really hard for me to get a job work in between.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what the fourth at eight o'clock be fine.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, that'd be okay.
Richelle Direny: Eight o'clock in the evening, though at Norfolk at night.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Okay, so that's a Wednesday. So I'm going to put you on the calendar for the fourth at eight o'clock, and I'll send you a reminder
Jennifer C.: Okay that's in the evening. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm that we will go over kind of what your goals are, what we're going to be working on and just kind of just to kind of go through, like, um, you know, kind of go through the depression and talk a little bit more about that because it is
Richelle Direny: That you're going through and those are not just little things. Those are some really big things that you're going through
Jennifer C.: Right in
Richelle Direny: doing it by yourself with three children, one child and a toddler. That's a lot to be doing.
Jennifer C.: A lot right and you know my 12 year old. She helps me a lot.
Jennifer C.: But she also wants to be 12
Jennifer C.: You know at that age, they only understand so much and she's had to grow up a lot, but she shouldn't have to
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I know. She said that she shouldn't have to watch her little brother, hold on. She needs to be able to go out and stay stay with friends and go out and do it to
Jennifer C.: So like my family, all these oh well you got Peyton. No, I don't have Peyton. Peyton as a kid paint needs to stay a kid.
Richelle Direny: I agree wholeheartedly agree.
Jennifer C.: So like it's just been
Richelle Direny: A force it. It's not that it. No, it's not so forth.
Jennifer C.: Right. So there's a lot of times we're still just, you know, SHE'LL UNDERSTAND. Like, you know, I gotta go to work or whatever.
Jennifer C.: Like when I was doing that other job. The third shifting she she understood. She had to put you know her little brother to bed and stuff.
Jennifer C.: But the weren't comfortable with me not being here, like they weren't going to bed themselves, but she would be taxed, you know, four in the morning, I was not comfortable with that.
Jennifer C.: Because they weren't comfortable with me being gone
Jennifer C.: Mm hmm. So the, the third ship job just didn't work out. I'm going to find something between the hours like
Jennifer C.: 10 and two
Jennifer C.: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So I put you in for
Richelle Direny: The on the fourth and then I will send you know, just as a reminder on Thursday we will meet at one o'clock.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: what your goals are for our time together.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right.
Jennifer C.: All right. Thank you.
Jennifer C.: You too. Bye.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Richelle Direny: How are you
Andriana Clark: Good, how are you
Richelle Direny: I'm good. I see you're a big Patriots fan.
Andriana Clark: What was that
Richelle Direny: And see, you're a big Patriots fan.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on, let me get in. Yeah. Well, thanks for because I I'm for doing the switch, because I I saw you on the schedule. And I'm like, did I schedule her friend nine o'clock.
Andriana Clark: You scheduled me for a different day. And then somebody else had called me and scheduled me and I wasn't on the schedule and then it was the same thing again and I just was like, Okay, I don't. Whenever whatever it is available, just
Richelle Direny: Because I have you here. Okay, so now we're meeting today and I see that you're also scheduled for the 27th at
Richelle Direny: At seven o'clock, and I'm like, did I schedule her twice.
Richelle Direny: So you're saying that I think I gave you the 27th at seven o'clock, and then you're saying, somebody called you.
Andriana Clark: Yeah okay call because I kind of remember what date it was, and they had said I wasn't on the schedule and they had scheduled me at that day.
Richelle Direny: At nine and 9pm that's what they had you down. So I said, No, that doesn't see more have never seen her at that time and she has young children nine o'clock. I'm not sure about that. So, but thanks for allowing the switch. So, um,
Andriana Clark: Oh, it's no problem.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so I've been meeting people all day. So I said, You know what, I'll let me see. Meet tonight I'm instead of nine o'clock on Wednesday. So, but how has everything
Andriana Clark: Been good
Andriana Clark: For the most part, I've been sick, my kids have been sick, off and on my daughter, for he had strep throat and my son just had their hands, word of mouth virus.
Andriana Clark: Now I'm getting a sore throat.
Richelle Direny: Now you have a sore throat.
Andriana Clark: Yeah, I've been running either all day today. And my dad said he was going to take me to the doctor or tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, yeah. So, oh, how did everything works falling upon the last time we spoke. I know you were going to start working on, you had gotten you're able to get back your license.
Andriana Clark: I didn't do anything.
Andriana Clark: I'm not even gonna lie to you.
Richelle Direny: So what happened.
Andriana Clark: I guess how kind of walk on my then all my neighbors, they call the cops on me because my dog.
Andriana Clark: So bleach was an interview their yard line. And my dog shit. So instead of just being a normal person and coming over and saying, look, your dog's been
Andriana Clark: In reach into my gourd and chicken you clean it up and make your dog. They call the cop said to kill me and the kids and everything in my house and then like all in foster care about that. Yeah.
Andriana Clark: And
Richelle Direny: We're threatening to harm your whole family because of dogs.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Andriana Clark: The cops came and they just pretty much my husband had a warrant for unpaid funds for driving under suspension. He had from 2015 so he ended up getting arrested and he was supposed to be at work the next morning, so I had to pay $750 the bond amount that I had a $600 electric bill.
Andriana Clark: And then as soon as we got him out of jail, he went back to work. And then we ended up having another electric bill that came in that was 400 and some dollars that we had to pay immediately or they were just connecting
Andriana Clark: We were like, way beyond because we were on Fifth at one time and then once he started making too much to be on Fifth and they want it for a month. And we were kind of behind
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: So do you be back to work, or he's um
Andriana Clark: It's back to work. He ended up on the
Andriana Clark: He went back to work. And he was out on the boat for 17 days and then it came back home any went to court. Few days after he came them and the
Andriana Clark: Judge told him just to pay the fund off that he is, and she's going to drop all the charges because I don't even know why they arrest. Have you ever found someone says,
Andriana Clark: No, that's fine. I guess we're already sent to the credit here.
Andriana Clark: But they did forfeit his license until he taped also
Richelle Direny: Wow.
Wow.
Richelle Direny: So yeah that's that's that's a lot to be going through in the last month.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Pull up your
Charts to see your treatment.
Richelle Direny: But your dad is still continuing to help you.
Richelle Direny: Would like your transportation and if you need to go anywhere and do anything.
Andriana Clark: He's been trying to right now he has kind of been on night shift. So he has he been sleeping. Pretty much all day. And whenever he does get up to take me somewhere. Anything nipple bad because he's losing out on sleep.
Andriana Clark: Oh god, I'm working 18 HOUR SHIFTS right now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you've been going to groups, the weekly
Andriana Clark: Not weekly
Richelle Direny: What are you on monthly
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So how is your anxiety been since the whole situation with your neighbors.
Andriana Clark: It's been kind of that.
Andriana Clark: Just been like overthinking everything and get myself worked up and stressed out.
Andriana Clark: Like to just go over there and do like that would normally do and without but then like I know I can't do that. But every time I see them or something like I can start myself get a little shaky. I'm like,
Andriana Clark: I just do whatever I can to just avoid them.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: So you haven't. You haven't been able to get an appointment with
Richelle Direny: You haven't been able to get an appointment with the Psychiatry's either right
Andriana Clark: Not yet.
Andriana Clark: I had talked to a place in downtown Susan's Oakland, where I live.
Andriana Clark: Called Coleman and they told me that I would just have to walk in and do an assessment or fill out paperwork or be scheduled or something.
Richelle Direny: For the psychiatry.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, I will just strongly encourage continue to try to encourage because you don't take anti anxiety meds. So you are inside of
Andriana Clark: You don't take antidepressants.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And who's been prescribing that Dr. James is saying, or your primary your other
Andriana Clark: My other doctor, which was Dr. Alan, cherry, but I'm not really sure what her situation is either. I have an appointment set up with
Andriana Clark: Her tomorrow to see her.
Andriana Clark: And she says, they have a new doctors that take it a report that to start seeing tomorrow.
Andriana Clark: As I guess you move into a different company. So I'm not really sure who my doctor is going to be or what they're going to do from here on out until I talk to you tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, but that's that's who prescribes the antidepressants for you.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Andriana Clark: And then Dr. Jamison prescribes the third row which
Andriana Clark: That helps a lot. Whenever I take it, I noticed that like annoyed.
Andriana Clark: Not have been as bad as mood swings, as I normally do, like, I'm not just
Andriana Clark: Three men and yell and get pissed off and frustrated over every little thing like I normally do.
Andriana Clark: That might have to do with me sleeping more with until
Richelle Direny: You sit down sleeping more with what
Andriana Clark: The Seroquel before she had me on my wasn't sleeping at all. And then since Dr. James in front me on this. I sleep better
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Well, sleep deprivation will definitely kind of
Richelle Direny: Have your become a little bit more agitated.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: And they have you been able to find a local support group.
Andriana Clark: Um, no. There's a couple. I don't really have a way to get back and forth right now.
Richelle Direny: I know, I know, but I know you depend on your, your dad a lot to assist but
Richelle Direny: I know there was you were looking at. No one that you can attend where he would be able to accommodate the transportation accommodate you transportation
Andriana Clark: Yeah, I haven't found nothing yet.
Richelle Direny: Okay, when I when your husband is in town. He's in town for a week at a time. Right.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And it has he ever. Have you ever been to a meeting.
Andriana Clark: I have. It's been a couple of years since I have, but I have
Andriana Clark: I was there was a online support group that I was going to. And I'd have it was good in a while. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's a little bit more convenient. Since the online support group.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And you said you haven't gone to that in a while, I
Andriana Clark: Know it's probably been about five months.
Richelle Direny: So why what happened with that one. You weren't connecting with it or do you just haven't found the time
Andriana Clark: I just, I was having problems with having internet. I didn't have any and all my phone. It's been messing up
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Andriana Clark: Okay, it's like horrible because I get like two signals and like right now. I have Wi Fi hotspot.
Andriana Clark: But my son has a habit and using at all.
Richelle Direny: Oh, the hotspot.
Richelle Direny: The teeter now with the the the hotspot, the data.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That how often do you say you got a group is at once a week or once every other week or twice a month.
Andriana Clark: Once a month.
Richelle Direny: Dr. Jamison has you on once a month.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Oh.
Richelle Direny: So the, the biggest change since we've last met, which was back in
Richelle Direny: The last time we met was
Richelle Direny: Back in December.
Richelle Direny: I think you joined a group. Yeah, it was all back in December, you came to a group on the day after Christmas.
Richelle Direny: And then we had an individual session.
Richelle Direny: Two weeks prior to that.
Andriana Clark: Wow, that has been a while ago.
Richelle Direny: And I know one of the things that we talked about in our last time meeting was, um,
Richelle Direny: Knowing the source knowing and understanding the source of your anxiety and your anger.
Richelle Direny: Have you done
Richelle Direny: Have you done any exploring where that is concerned.
Andriana Clark: A little bit, but not not a lot like I haven't really been too angry or anything. I just
Andriana Clark: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Well, so there's the whole situation that would be
Richelle Direny: anxiety provoking.
Richelle Direny: First, there's the anger than the anxiety that precedes right after that, after kind of the anger dissipates.
Richelle Direny: With the whole situation with the dog and the threats and what have you. Like, how, how did all of that play out for you mentally and emotionally, not just in the moment, but times after that.
Andriana Clark: I'm
Andriana Clark: In the moment
Andriana Clark: When it first happened, and he was arguing with my husband and I heard them threaten my dog, and I just kind of blacked out and jumped up and I was trying to go after him to fight him and my husband grabbed ahold of me, and he told me and out the door shut, and call me down.
Andriana Clark: And I was just, I don't know, I heard and started my animal and then my family and I just kind of black out and
Andriana Clark: Ready to start fighting
Richelle Direny: You said that you were the one ready to fight him.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow. So you're, um,
Richelle Direny: But so in the moment you felt like you were
Richelle Direny: Somewhat defending your rights.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Andriana Clark: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Where did the for you. Where did the anxiety come from.
Richelle Direny: After that,
There was some anxiety.
Andriana Clark: After that, after the cops came
Andriana Clark: And my husband went to jail. And I just
Andriana Clark: It was like I felt like everything was my fault because I didn't know how to control my getting that
Andriana Clark: Group go
Andriana Clark: Whoa boxy quick, come here.
Andriana Clark: Okay, we'll put it down.
Andriana Clark: You get out of here.
Richelle Direny: Now, how has it been with your neighbors, since that
Andriana Clark: The cops told me, just anything to them.
Andriana Clark: Roxy. Yeah.
Andriana Clark: Oh my gosh, that's so good.
Andriana Clark: Because to me, not to say anything to minutes a day. To me, it's just the gun house. And if I feel like they're threatening me or anything to call them.
Andriana Clark: But pretty much. It's just been avoided in each other.
Richelle Direny: Now you're saying that with the threat of of hurt and harm you're seeing that the cops just thought that since it was just a verbal threat. It wasn't my thing.
Andriana Clark: Pretty much.
Andriana Clark: Back then they just didn't care about it at all. Once they saw my husband not warrant for his arrest. That's pretty much all they care about.
Richelle Direny: They just more focused on the warrant and the actual friends.
Richelle Direny: So how I mean in the time that your husband has been gone and you've been there. Have there been any issues that arise since then.
Andriana Clark: No.
Andriana Clark: I saw the cops outside of their house like once or twice, and I'm pretty sure it was because I'm pretty sure they call it because my dog was the mouse barking like crazy because I wasn't home.
Andriana Clark: And somebody had busted out. I don't know if it was the one because we had wrote that form and it was real windy out that night, but my bedroom window has been busted out
Richelle Direny: You said your bedroom with no head worn
Andriana Clark: Out.
Richelle Direny: And you don't know what happened.
Andriana Clark: Now, it didn't look like anything like it just looked like it was it was already crack look like one that like if if the wind blew to or sometimes you would hear it kind of does look like it. So finally fell out.
You
Richelle Direny: Know,
Richelle Direny: So with with everything outside of okay so outside of the issues with your neighbors and the threats in your, your husband getting incarcerating and you guys have to figure out everything. Like, how is it
Richelle Direny: For you, how has it really been because like you said you had certain plants that you want to work towards. And then this all happened which created somewhat of a setback for you.
Andriana Clark: And
Andriana Clark: Then it really bother me too much. I'm kind of
Andriana Clark: You said always happening like I mean I don't ever put in me like I make plans, but then I don't ever
Andriana Clark: Know is like I don't ever expect to actually have them because when I'm rely on everybody else. It just seems like something always falls apart or don't happen out this
Andriana Clark: This kind of used to it and just kind of go with it.
Andriana Clark: Kind of like whatever happens, happens I just gotta
Andriana Clark: Deal with it as it comes and
Andriana Clark: That's about all I can do.
Richelle Direny: Cheering sounds like you're not very hopeful about life, you just kind of look at things as
Richelle Direny: You know, life is not going to necessarily come go the way I planted and have a whole lot of positive ending. So you've kind of just accepted.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But how is that i mean
Richelle Direny: For you.
Richelle Direny: Like how do you work through that you don't work through it. You just kind of just accept life how it is.
Andriana Clark: Yeah I don't let anything bother me.
Richelle Direny: Are you trying not to let anything bother you.
Andriana Clark: Yeah, when it does bother me. Usually I hold it in and then whenever I get pissed off enough then I usually just start
Andriana Clark: screaming about everything until I get it all out. Either that or when I get really upset sometimes and I feel like I'm gonna let out I'll grab a pen and paper and just start writing. And then when I'm done writing that
Richelle Direny: Journal
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And that's been really helpful for you.
Andriana Clark: It helps to keep me from VMware normal self and just
Andriana Clark: overreacting and flipping out and screaming in one and a leader waiting on somebody, it kind of like us, me and my in mind space.
Richelle Direny: Well, somebody sounds like a
Richelle Direny: Fighter.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: How. So how are your, your How are your kids on did they know have the neighbor was treating the whole situation, how did they deal with
Andriana Clark: My daughter. She pretty much
Andriana Clark: You pretty much what's going on from but crying and yelling and I just talked to her and explain to her that
Andriana Clark: Some people don't like invalid. Some people don't like other people stay in the loop in their yard and it's like if you're doing something illegal than or you do something that's wrong when you're going to go to jail. You seen me and her dad get arrested a few times.
Richelle Direny: How old is your daughter.
Andriana Clark: Is 11
Andriana Clark: He was
Andriana Clark: taken off and left a few times. Whenever we were first real battle on drugs and stuff and
Andriana Clark: The cop out there and how to watch ask get arrested before they would even let somebody else come in, get her.
Richelle Direny: I noticed that
Richelle Direny: Now is it. I mean, for the most part, you always kind of had somewhat like a
Richelle Direny: Like an effects kind of mood like mold low mode.
Richelle Direny: But this time around.
Richelle Direny: It just seems a little bit more kind of somewhat more with Ron, I should
Richelle Direny: Maybe
Richelle Direny: Like, where is what is that surrounding
Andriana Clark: But he mean
Richelle Direny: I mean, I know like. Usually when we meet
Richelle Direny: You're a little bit more engaged. So I was just wondering if there is a little bit more that's going on.
Andriana Clark: Tired. My dad gave me a cold and flu medicine and I took it and he didn't tell me it was nighttime until after I took it. So I'm just kind of played in my state right now.
Richelle Direny: Oh, he gave you something and I forgot to tell you that it's what is he, what did he give you Nyquil
Andriana Clark: It was one of the night co op
Andriana Clark: Gel.
Andriana Clark: capsules.
Richelle Direny: Oh, it's one of those pills, where it makes you really sleepy.
Andriana Clark: After yeah
Richelle Direny: It kind of puts you out.
Yeah.
Andriana Clark: He thought that it would affect me like it used to. And I would stay up all night and he thought it'd be a funny joke.
Richelle Direny: Well hey joke is on him, or you
Andriana Clark: Can cuz I'll sleep like a baby.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: You wouldn't. When do you meet for groups on thurs
Andriana Clark: On day
Richelle Direny: Is it what 12 o'clock.
Andriana Clark: 130
Richelle Direny: You meet with
Richelle Direny: Dr. James and john at 130
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. All right then, um,
Richelle Direny: I mean I can, we can just, you know, meet another day. I do know that
Richelle Direny: I mean I think everyone that I've met with today. They seem to be sick. Everyone keeps everybody is like either they're sick or they're kid is sick and somebody everybody's passing the love around
Andriana Clark: Yeah, it's been passed around in my off between the kid for like the last few months and then and now I'm finally got it. And I just wasn't asleep that often. My dad.
Andriana Clark: Is funny, because when he was sick. I've watched his kids, but he has to go to work. So you think that's hilarious that I'm doing what the kids anyway.
Richelle Direny: You said that when he was saying that he did what
Andriana Clark: He slept all day and I took care of his can see my kids.
Richelle Direny: Your dad has children.
Andriana Clark: Yes.
Richelle Direny: You have younger. Should you have younger siblings.
Andriana Clark: My little brother is the same Mo is younger than my daughter is 10 and she's 11
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow.
Andriana Clark: Yeah, he picks up a nice young 26 year old when he was 40
Andriana Clark: Yeah, he was kind of a drug addict. And he was saying for drugs.
Richelle Direny: So he has a
Richelle Direny: Well, you have a 10 year old brother.
Andriana Clark: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, let
Andriana Clark: Everybody thinks he's my son. He looks so much like you
Richelle Direny: Know Your kids are calling him. What is it, their brother.
Andriana Clark: Their uncle.
Richelle Direny: So, your kids are calling him Uncle
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Andriana Clark: That's to
Richelle Direny: Me.
Richelle Direny: That's absolutely. I think I scheduled you i actually scheduled you
For
Richelle Direny: You actually were already on the calendar for next Wednesday at seven so we can either reschedule. We could just see each other next Wednesday at seven or I or there is on March the 12th at six.
Andriana Clark: Wednesday would work.
Andriana Clark: Whichever did better for you. It don't matter. I'm usually always free
Richelle Direny: So you said no, that's not Wednesday. It was you. I had you on the column for the 27th, which is next Thursday nights are not next Wednesday next Thursday at seven.
Richelle Direny: Do you want to just reschedule it for them.
Richelle Direny: Or
Richelle Direny: For March the 12th at
Andriana Clark: Six, we can reschedule it or. Yeah, do it on the 27th.
Richelle Direny: So I'll keep you and so after we meet, I'm going to leave you on the calendar for the 12th at six, just in case. And then you know what we meet next Thursday and we'll go from there.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Feel Better get a whole lot of rest.
Andriana Clark: As much as you tell
Andriana Clark: Me children and I'll make sure I'm we're awake for next appointment.
Richelle Direny: Okay, alright. Have a good one.
You do.
All day